1. Viewing a diff between two versions of the file helped me see the bug that was
introducted by making possible a parralel comparison between the two versions
of the file. The line numbers helped locate the exact location of the difference
and the identical ndentation helped easily compare the two files.

2. Having easy access to the entire history of a file can make for more
efficient programmers as access to old files makes it possible for us to 
compare new and old versions and see exactly what changes were made and 
how those changes resulted in improvements. Conversely, if a new bug is found
it becomes easy to debug a file if we can easily access the old version and see exactly what new change caused the difference.

3. A huge pro of manually choosing when to create a commit is that the user 
has full control and flexibility on what files to save and when. Auto save can 
sometimes save incomplete of useless versions of files without the users 
knowledge. A con is that there is room for fault and human error as users may
 forget to save their files.

 4. Git allows for multiple files to be saved in one commit because it is
 designed for manual saving and for coding purposes, and in most coding
 you are likely to use and make changes to more than one file for significant
 changes. Google Docs on the other hand treats each file independently and auto
 saves each version of the file periodically.

 5. Git log shows the log of all changes that were made with each git commit.
 Git diff allows us to compare two versions of a file and see what changes were
 made between the two versions.

6. Version control allows for easy navigation between new and older versions of ffiles. The git checkout feature also allows restoring of a previous version of 
the file. All these features would make me more comfortable making changes that
could break something because I would still have a way of going back and fixing
it relatively easily.

7. I want to use Git to navigate through different files in a repository.
